How would you transliterate the sound of your laugh in real life?
If a genie came up to you and told you that you had three wishes, what wishes would you make and why?
If you cook or bake, what is your favorite thing to make?
If you could be any animal, which one would you be?
If you could choose a job right now to have for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
If you could have any pet right now, what kind of pet would you get?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
If you could only be called one nickname for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
If you could star in any show/movie, what would it be?
If you could teleport once to anywhere, where would you go?
If you have a collection, what do you collect?
If you know it, what's your personality type?
If you play board games, which one is your favorite?
If you suddenly got $5,000,000, what would you use your money for first?
If your house was burning down and you could only get one thing, excluding family members and pets, what would you get?
It's yearbook time! What quote do you want below your picture?
What are you most afraid of?
What are your top three all-time favorite movies?
What color do you find best describes yourself?
What country would you visit if you could for two weeks?
What do you like to do on a rainy day?
What do you normally do on weekends?
What Hogwarts house are you in?
What is a book that you'd recommend to read?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your earliest memory and how old were you?
What is your spirit animal?
What languages do you speak?
What recurring dreams do you have?
What routine do you stick to daily?
What sports do you play?
What was your favorite TV show when you were younger?
What's on your bucket list?
What's the best class you've ever taken?
What's the worst joke you've ever heard?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What's your favorite quote?
What's your favorite video game?
What's your hidden talent?
Where would you want to go to college and why, assuming acceptance and cost aren't issues?
Who do you look up to and why?
Who is your favorite singer/band and why?
You can only shop at one store for the rest of your life. Which one is it?
